Test authoring tools (#153)
loadimpact/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/03 cloud/01 Creating and running a test/01 Test authoring.md

---
title: 'Test authoring'
excerpt: ''
---

In testing, authoring refers to the test creation process. 

> k6 is, at its core, a **Code-based testing tool**. Besides, the k6 ecosystem provides a set of **Codeless tools** to speed up the test creation and facilitate collaboration across different roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 is, at its core, a **Code-based testing tool**. However, the k6 ecosystem provides a set of **codeless tools** to speed up the test creation and facilitate collaboration across different roles.
```

In k6, you could create a test using various tools:

- Your own text editor or IDE
- [Script editor in the k6 Cloud](/cloud/creating-and-running-a-test/script-editor)
- [Test builder](/test-authoring/test-builder)
- [Browser recorder](/test-authoring/recording-a-session/browser-recorder)
- [Converters](/integrations#converters): JMeter, Postman and Swagger

## Running a cloud test

> After creating your test, you might want to debug it locally or run it on the cloud. The cloud test will be launched from the geographic location/s - selected in your test - on the k6 Cloud infrastructure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating your test, you might want to debug it locally or run it on the cloud. Cloud tests will be executed from the geographic location/s you've selected in your test, on k6 Cloud infrastructure. 
```
